=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

App::Software::License - Command-line interface to Software::License

=head1 VERSION

version 0.10

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    software-license --holder 'J. Random Hacker' --license Perl_5 --type notice

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides a command-line interface to Software::License. It can be
used to easily produce license notices to be included in other documents.

All the attributes documented below are available as command-line options
through L<MooX::Options> and can also be configured in
F<$HOME/.software_license.conf> through L<Config::Any>.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 holder

Name of the license holder.

=head2 year

Year to be used in the copyright notice.

=head2 license

Name of the license to use. Must be the name of a module available under the
Software::License:: namespace. Defaults to Perl_5.

=head2 type

The type of license notice you'd like to generate. Available values are:

B<* notice>

This method returns a snippet of text, usually a few lines, indicating the
copyright holder and year of copyright, as well as an indication of the license
under which the software is distributed.

B<* license>

This method returns the full text of the license.

=head2 configfile

Path to the optional configuration file. Defaults to C<$HOME/.software_license.conf>.

=for :stopwords fulltext

B<* fulltext>

This method returns the complete text of the license, preceded by the copyright
notice.

B<* version>

=for :stopwords versioned

This method returns the version of the license.  If the license is not
versioned, this returns nothing.

B<* meta_yml_name>

This method returns the string that should be used for this license in the CPAN
META.yml file, or nothing if there is no known string to use.

=for Pod::Coverage run

=for Pod::Coverage BUILDARGS

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=App-Software-License>
(or L<bug-App-Software-License@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-App-Software-License@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://lists.perl.org/list/cpan-workers.html>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#toolchain> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#toolchain>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Randy Stauner Erik Carlsson

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Randy Stauner <rwstauner@cpan.org>

=item *

Erik Carlsson <info@code301.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2009 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
